docs (#14)
callstack/byorg-ai: docs/src/docs/integrations/slack-usage.md

## Integrating with Slack

> Byorg provides built-in functionality to integrate your application with Slack. To set this up, use the `createSlackApp` function and provide the necessary parameters.

Author: Mention that we also provide traslation between Slack events and byorg events, as well as custom formatter for slack blocks (add links to slack docs) that uses `slack-rich-text ` package.

> # Usage
> 
> In byorg we also implemented functions that integrate your app with Slack.
> To use it you just need to use the `createSlackApp` function, and pass required variables.

Author: ```suggestion
## Integrating with Slack
Byorg provides built-in functionality to integrate your application with Slack. To set this up, use the createSlackApp function and provide the necessary parameters.

```

> ## Endpoint mode

Author: ```suggestion
## Http endpoint mode
```

In this mode you use `SlackApp` to received Slack event objects directly. [Describe/link how do basic server/cloud function setup)

```js
const app = createApp({
  chatModel,
  systemPrompt,
});

const slack = createSlackApp({
  app,
  token: 'slack_bot_token',
  appToken: 'slack_app_token',
  signingSecret: 'slack_signing_secret',
});
```

Once you have an instance of an app wrapped in slack handler, you need to pass it the event
received from slack endpoint.

```js
slack.processEvent(event);
```

## Websocket mode

You can also run the slack app in websocket mode. To do that you need to additionally pass
a `websocket` boolean variable as true, and run slack app with `start` function.

```js
const slack = createSlackApp({
  app,
  websocket: true,
  token: 'slack_bot_token',
  appToken: 'slack_app_token',
  signingSecret: 'slack_signing_secret',
});

slack.start();
```

## Types

> In order to handle types correctly, you also need to extend the context of byorg.

Author: When using `byorg-slack` package, the `context.extras` field will contain various Slack-related fields.

```js
declare module '@callstack/byorg-core' {
  interface MessageRequestExtras {

>     // Set by "byorg-slack" plugin

Author: Descibe the meaning of these fields.

    threadTs?: string;
    messageTs?: string;
    conversationMode?: ConversationMode;
  }
}

export {};
```

> :::info

Author: Instead of that info describe each of the fields set by `byorg-slack`
